[codex] Fix Feature Flags documentation guidance (#36573)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/feature_flags/client/angular.md

## Initialize the provider

> Create a `DatadogProvider` instance with your Datadog credentials. For live Browser Feature Flags configuration, `applicationId`, `clientToken`, `site`, and `env` are required. To create a client token, see [Client tokens][2].

Author: 🤖 **Context from Codex:** Mirrors the browser provider requirement clarification on the Angular page. The TypeScript field is optional, but the live flagging configuration builder currently returns early without `applicationId`, so the docs should not tell users to omit it for live Browser Feature Flags (`DataDog/openfeature-js-client@main:packages/browser/src/domain/configuration.ts:11-15`; `packages/browser/src/domain/configuration.ts:89-95`).

> Note: Browser Feature Flags are currently not supported on GovCloud sites.

Author: 🤖 **Context from Codex:** Replaces the enumerated commercial Datadog site list with the durable compatibility note requested in review. The provider still accepts a `site` option, but listing domains here creates avoidable maintenance risk; the important product caveat is that browser Feature Flags are not supported on GovCloud sites.

> Note: Browser Feature Flags are currently not supported on GovCloud sites.

Reviewer: Two issues: "currently" violates the evergreen rule, and "Note: " prose prefix should be a callout to match the rest of the page.

```suggestion
<div class="alert alert-info">Browser Feature Flags are not supported on GovCloud sites.</div>
```

Also, please confirm with the FF PM whether "GovCloud" is the preferred term (the docs repo uses both "GovCloud" and "US1-FED").

Author: 🤖 **Response from AI:** The callout change is applied on all four browser pages (`angular.md`, `javascript.md`, `react.md`, and `getting_started/_index.md`): the `Note:` prose is now `<div class="alert alert-info">Browser Feature Flags are not supported on GovCloud sites.</div>`, and "currently" is removed.

On the terminology question (GovCloud vs US1-FED): leaving the wording as "GovCloud" for now pending FF PM confirmation, since that decision is theirs to make. @aarsilv — can you confirm the preferred term with the FF PM? Happy to swap all four occurrences to "US1-FED" in a follow-up if that is preferred.

Author: 🤖 **Response from AI:** Scanned the docs library for the government-environment terminology. Findings:

- **"GovCloud" is the wrong term for the Datadog site.** Across the docs it refers to AWS GovCloud (Lambda regions, ARNs) or the GovCloud *support portal* brand — not the Datadog government site.
- **The Datadog government sites are named `US1-FED` and `US2-FED`** (`config/_default/params.yaml`: `US1-FED` → region `gov`, domain `ddog-gov.com`; `US2-FED` → region `gov2`, domain `us2.ddog-gov.com`).
- **The idiomatic convention** (used in ~126 files) for "feature not supported on the government site" is the `site-region` shortcode, which renders the callout only for users on a gov site and inserts the site name dynamically.

Updated all four browser pages to:

```
{{< site-region region="gov,gov2" >}}<div class="alert alert-danger">Browser Feature Flags are not supported for the selected <a href="/getting_started/site">Datadog site</a> ({{< region-param key="dd_site_name" >}}).</div>{{< /site-region >}}
```

Verified the browser provider site allowlist (`datadoghq.com`, `us3`, `us5`, `ap1`, `ap2`, `datadoghq.eu`) excludes both `ddog-gov.com` and `us2.ddog-gov.com`, so `region="gov,gov2"` is correct. Pushed in commit `47ac6502b8`.

}
{{< /code-block >}}

## Configure browser provider options

The Angular provider uses the Datadog browser provider, which also supports these optional settings:

| Option | Default | Use |
| --- | --- | --- |
| `enableExposureLogging` | `true` | Send exposure events to the exposures intake. |
| `enableFlagEvaluationTracking` | `true` | Send aggregated evaluation telemetry. |

> | `enableRumFeatureFlagTracking` | `true` | Add flag evaluations to RUM events when Browser RUM is available. This is the setting that can affect RUM usage. |

Reviewer: "RUM usage" is vague (volume? cost? events?). The pre-PR `getting_started` page said "Can impact RUM costs if enabled" — more direct.

```suggestion
| `enableRumFeatureFlagTracking` | `true` | Add flag evaluations to RUM events when Browser RUM is available. Enabling this option can increase RUM-billed event counts. |
```

> | `enableRumFeatureFlagTracking` | `true` | Add flag evaluations to RUM events when Browser RUM is available. Available in `@datadog/openfeature-browser` v1.1.0 and later. This is the setting that can affect RUM usage. |

Author: 🤖 **Context from Codex:** Keeps the Angular options table aligned with the JavaScript and React pages by noting `enableRumFeatureFlagTracking`'s v1.1.0+ availability and that the RUM hook reports only through an available Browser RUM instance (`DataDog/openfeature-js-client@main:CHANGELOG.md:42-47`; `packages/browser/src/openfeature/rumIntegration.ts:15-16`).

| `flagEvaluationTrackingInterval` | `10000` ms | Flush interval for evaluation telemetry. |
| `initialFlagsConfiguration` | `{}` | Bootstrap with precomputed flags. |
| `flaggingProxy` | unset | Fetch flags through a proxy instead of `site`. |
| `customHeaders` | unset | Add headers to flag-fetch requests. |
| `overwriteRequestHeaders` | `false` | Replace default request headers with `customHeaders`. |

> ## Testing

Author: 🤖 **Context from Codex:** The client hub says platform pages have concrete testing examples, but Angular did not. This adds the same in-memory-provider pattern shown on the JS/React pages so Angular tests can stay hermetic and offline.
